I am easy to lift but hard to throw. what am I?
The more you take the more you leave behind
What has cities but no houses, forests but no trees, and rivers but no water?
What is always in front of you but cannot be seen?
What is so fragile that saying its name breaks it?
what goes up but never comes down?
I'm light as a feather yet the strongest person can't hold me for much longer than a minute. What am I?
Some try to hide, some try to cheat; but time will show, we always will meet. What am I?
Until I am measured I am not known, Yet how you miss me when I have flown. What am I?
You try to gain more of me with every coin, you travel every distance to obtain me, you try every illusion to believe you have me, what am I?
I am desired by all people, especially men. once I pass, you can never have me again. What am I?
No matter how little or how much you use me, you change me every month. What am I?
People need me, but they always give me away. What am I?
I make two people out of one. What am i?
Everyone has it but no one can lose it. What is it?
If you drop me, I'm sure to crack. Give me a smile and I'll always smile back. What am I?
What can you catch, but not throw?
Before Mt. Everest was discovered, what was the highest mountain in the world?
Poor people have it. Rich people need it. If you eat it you die. what is it?
What runs, but never walks. Murmurs, but never talks. Has a bed, but never sleeps. And has a mouth, but never eats?
The person who makes it has no need for it; the person who buys it has no use for it. The person who uses it can neither see nor feel it. What is it?
You walk into a room that contains a match, a kerosene lamp, a candle, and a fireplace. What would you light first?
What belongs to you, but everyone else uses it?
If two's company, and three's a crowd, what are four and five?
what can fill a room but takes up no space?
how many bananas can you eat if your stomach is empty?
What can you break, even if you never pick it up or touch it?
I am weightless but put me in a bucket and I will make it lighter. What am I?
What has words but never speaks?
what is harder to catch the faster you run?
